---
title: blog 3
layout: post
author: edgar.wex
permalink: /blog-3/
source-id: 1pbIXJg5jjTDDHhEMnJBvzqHqcgEO7X_XIcyS3QNSs1c
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>blog 3</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>22/11/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Web page STILL not working. uh-oh</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get my web page from ‘your up and running’ to all my blogs</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, with the help of Mr.Keen</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt about what precision you needed to code, when Mr.Keen went through my blog, and identified the tiny mistake. At the beginning of the lesson, Mr.Keen went through all of the homeworks; 3 not done [405 errors]. My web-page was messed up, and I thought I would get in trouble for posting a no-post webpage. So I submitted the google drive documents too, and Mr.Keen credited me. I learnt to always show evidence to avoid doubt. We also learnt a new way to publish blogs because of the recent error with the jekyll system. This involved raw code, and was very interesting. It was the reason my blogs are showing. Interestingly I also found out that we were all muppets ready to be set on fire. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I couldn’t refer to anything on my webpage to check if the blogs has actually published, and since all of the blogs were being marked sometime this week, I was a bit stressed. Mr.Keen came over to me at the end of the lesson and did not punish me for being stupid and not obvious; it was the systems fault… well kind of. One extra colon in the background image code, and 1 font mis-spelling prevented all my blogs?! I had a note written by my mum in case I were to get in trouble, but I guess this wasn’t really my fault; blame w3schools for being un-clear. I need to work on not getting stressed/hopeless too quickly. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will improve my learning by asking Mr.Keen perhaps at a better time. If I had asked him 2 weeks ago, maybe I could’ve made my blog better in that time. I have only changed the background image size, moving, layout and the image itself, as well as deleting ‘hello world’ and all of the other posts that magically showed up when the blog was fixed. I should improve my learning on going to other websites for more information, and more code, perhaps how to change the colour of the now white screen around the background image. Also, spinning on that chair… I need to stop that.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
