---
title: scratch 1
layout: post
author: edgar.wex
permalink: /scratch-1/
source-id: 1pNQXOw_LvUuys0Nz0ZdIuKliiv8pjz3JN4-5HX6cQBU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>scratch</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>28/11/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Blog fixed, happy</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To make a start on a maze game in scratch</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, however I didn't finish it, but I finished it at home as homework.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Most of it was listening because I had used 'when right arrow key pressed change x by 10', but in the lesson I learnt that it is quicker for the computer when it it ‘point in direction 90, move 10 steps’ and with a different rotational order. This was the same difficulty as the previous method, but it was faster and it was something new. I also had to use my past knowledge in order to improve my maze game. This included changing colours, moving objects and the like. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The time constraint limited my learning slightly because half of the lesson was explaining, the other half doing the actual maze. But I finished it for homework, so It is finished. Nothing in the lesson really went wrong, apart from the code itself, which I quickly fixed soon after, so I didn’t really need to improve on anything apart from possibly adding more functions, or doing everything quicker.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I should make my maze larger, and I should improve my learning by looking around and seeing what other people are doing, and maybe implementing that to my maze. However during the lesson a lot of people didn't really get much done [like me]. Also next time I shouldn’t feel so confident because at the beginning of the lesson Mr.Keen asked if you had never seen scratch, used it a bit, were quite confident or thought they were extremely good at it. I, assuming I was great, put my hand up for amazing because, well, I had done a lot of scratch projects, and used it a lot in my old school. But the different script for movement was completely new to me.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
