---
title: blog 2
layout: post
author: edgar.wex
permalink: /blog-2/
source-id: 1pbIXJg5jjTDDHhEMnJBvzqHqcgEO7X_XIcyS3QNSs1c
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>blog 2</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>21/11/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Web page still not working. 1 published blog. Confused.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To actually get my web page to show the post, and to use jsbin.com to add a background and colour to my web-page</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>No. For some reason I could not get my web page up, Yes, I experimented with jsbin and got some ideas, and Kind of, because I DID add the colour and background to the script…. But… I don't know what’s happening.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt using jsbin and general rules, and how you could give div's their own names and only respond to specific code given. Then because something wasn't working out I went to w3schools to get some help on backgrounds. I successfully got the needed information in order to change the background colour and image. A good strategy was to keep switching between w3schools, jsbin and my github account. However my github blog...well...wasn’t really working for some reason. Jsbin was really helpful though because you could choose between html, css, javascript, console, and of course, output. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Because of the fact that my github page wasn’t having my github blog uploaded there, and I could not see anything because of the 'your up and running! Bla bla bla’ message, so when I changed background code I could not see what it looked like, or what has been changed, or whether the code actually went through. This severely limited my limits for the lesson, since I have to somehow get both blogs up, then show Mr.Keen the link on classroom. Unless I find some easy-to-fix error, I’m in trouble. So I got really cheesed off about this whole not-working thing.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Well, I've tried many things and solutions [parents, google, friends] and none have worked so I think it’s about time to ask Mr.Keen about what's wrong and how I can fix it. I will improve my working by trying a bit more at home, spending more time, and trying more websites. I must come better prepared for lessons, having done some research or work before. It would probably also be a good idea if I uploaded a test blog and see if it worked, then copy all the technique from that one, then delete it and set up my current blog. If this doesn't work then I will have to ask Mr.Keen. If I get rejected…. Then I am out of luck and dead.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
