---
title: Game1
layout: post
author: edgar.wex
permalink: /game1/
source-id: 13jV3Qm3wNR6xswbH5Ob0AaSKZJ2z-ArFLeb1GqUHPCY
published: true
---
Week 1

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What are you going to work on today?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today I will probably working on the castle, and the background. If I finish that I may start researching some script for the cannonballs and bullets [if there is any]. I will be going around other people's games which have bullets, seeing their script, understanding it, and possibly copying it. I will also create the castle script if I have time.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


**Success Criteria:**

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Teacher's?</td>
    <td>Mine?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>having created all of your principal sprites.
collects all of my resources.
Make a significant start on your game.</td>
    <td>To make the cannon movement and the background
To research on how to create the bullet
Possibly make the castle and the scripts for it</td>
  </tr>
</table>


**Diary of Progress**

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Beginning of Lesson: What have you done so far? What point of the work are you at?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I have created some cannonballs, the castle, and the background. Now I will be working on the cannonball script. I have found another way of my previous idea of the cannon firing, and have found some script. Now I must just make sense of it and copy it. I realised the cannon wasn't in the centre of the screen and thus the rotation was really weird. Now my bullet firing is working well.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Activity:  What are you going to be doing this lesson? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Creating the background, castle and bullet. I might also [if I have time] research some script for the bullet and get that going. Also, I could find an alternate way to rotate the cannon. Possibly I could improve the cannonball script and work on the castle and making the cannonballs keep coming.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>End of Lesson: What point have you reached at the end of the lesson? Did you meet your goal? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Made background, cannon, cannonballs, and bullet.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


**Evaluation of Learning This Lesson**

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What went well: How did I learn? What helped me learn today? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>When I realised I couldn't create the cannon rotation around a fixed point, I Decided to let the cannon move, overcoming my obstacles. I also added bushes to the background so it’s not a basic green. I created the script for the bullet and fixed the cannon [now you can move AND rotate].</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Even better if…: What could I do that would be even better? Improvements? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I had realised the problems earlier and got more work done. Also, maybe done some research before the lesson on how to create the bullet scripts. I could’ve researched some script on how to make the cannonballs keep coming but I know a game where a similar concept was needed and they have script. Also, when the cannonballs touch the bullet [or vice versa], nothing is happening; next lesson I’ll have to fix that.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


